Add Terraform Cloud run env var docs (#1204)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/run/run-environment.html.md

When running Terraform on the commmand line against a workspace configured for remote operations, the CLI user must have [the `remote` backend][remote] configured in the Terraform configuration, and must have a user or team API token with the appropriate permissions specified in their [CLI config file][]. However, the run itself still occurs within one of Terraform Cloud's worker VMs, and still uses the per-run token for state access.

When running Terraform on the command line against a workspace that is _not_ configured for remote operations, the CLI user's token is used for state access.

### Environment Variables

The following Terraform environment variables are automatically injected by
Terraform Cloud for each run:

> - `ATLAS_RUN_ID` - This is a unique identifier for this run (e.g. `"run-CKuwsxMGgMd4W7Ui"`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TFC_RUN_ID` - This is a unique identifier for this run (e.g. `"run-CKuwsxMGgMd4W7Ui"`).
```

> - `ATLAS_WORKSPACE_NAME` - This is the name of the workspace used in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TFC_WORKSPACE_NAME` - This is the name of the workspace used in
```

  this run, e.g. `"prod-load-balancers"`.

> - `ATLAS_WORKSPACE_SLUG` - This is the full slug of the configuration used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TFC_WORKSPACE_SLUG` - This is the full slug of the configuration used
```

  in this run. This consists of the organization name and workspace name,
  joined with a slash, e.g. `"acme-corp/prod-load-balancers"`.

> - `ATLAS_CONFIGURATION_VERSION_GITHUB_BRANCH` - This is the name of the branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TFC_CONFIGURATION_VERSION_GIT_BRANCH` - This is the name of the branch
```

  that the associated Terraform configuration version was ingressed from
  (e.g. `master`).

> - `ATLAS_CONFIGURATION_VERSION_GITHUB_COMMIT_SHA` - This is the full commit hash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TFC_CONFIGURATION_VERSION_GIT_COMMIT_SHA` - This is the full commit hash
```

  of the commit that the associated Terraform configuration version was
  ingressed from (e.g. `"abcd1234..."`).

> - `ATLAS_CONFIGURATION_VERSION_GITHUB_TAG` - This is the name of the tag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TFC_CONFIGURATION_VERSION_GIT_TAG` - This is the name of the tag
```
